[Music]
one glance will seduce you
one touch will excite you one word and
you're his forever is nan Phelps if you
have a romantic query and you are under
the age of 50 and you're not freaky or
disgusting please give up the call the
ladies man listen baby that was cool but
I gotta go ladies absolutely love him I
brought you some flowers they look and
feel plastic but they smell real it has
its way with our women under the cover
of night colada but lotion find this
stuff mostly at Kmart or in some cases
Christmas morning with you Father
meet burglar be cold it looked like
somebody throw to fine ham then shoved
him down the back of your dress but
after years of sharing his love with
others I'm so tired of being the lated
man come on baby
he's looking for the one girl to keep
for himself if you are rich would you
please meet me at the nacho car how does
the trip around the world sound are you
paying for it
of course what I found good
powernow pictures in association with
SNL studios presents Leon Phelps the
ladies man you are a nun I'm going to
assume a missionary position and I'll
probably be holding it for a very long
time what would that I'm looking forward
to taking it all in
yeah death cool
[Music]